Allow to run benchmark against separate external extension (#120)
serverless/console: node/packages/aws-lambda-otel-extension/test/benchmark/README.md

./test/scripts/benchmark.js > benchmark.csv
```

### 4.1 Run customization

Benchmark run can additionally be customized with following CLI params

- `--use-cases` Comma separated list of function use cases to test (e.g. `callback,express`)
- `--benchmark-variants` Comma separated list of benchmark variants to test (e.g. `bare,externalOnly`)
- `--memory-size` Memory size to provide to lambdas (by default it's 128MB).
- `--extension-layers-mode` By default benchmark are run against single layer which contains Node.js external and internal extension. By setting `dual` value for this mode, benchmark will be run with those two extensions provided as separate layers (and external layer will come with Node.js binary bundled)

> Additionally extension layers that are used for testing can be overriden with following environment variables:
> 
> - `TEST_LAYER_FILENAME` - Path to `.zip` file of a layer whih contains both external and internal Node.js extensions. Ineffective with `--extension-layers-mode=dual`
> - `TEST_EXTERNAL_LAYER_FILENAME` - Path to `.zip` file of a layer whih contains external (runtime agnostic) extension. Effective only with `--extension-layers-mode=dual`
> - `TEST_INTERNAL_LAYER_FILENAME` - Path to `.zip` file of a layer whih contains just internal Node.js extension. It's effective for `internalOnly` benchmark variant, and in other cases effective only with `--extension-layers-mode=dual`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally extension layers that are used for testing can be overridden with following environment variables:

- `TEST_LAYER_FILENAME` - Path to `.zip` file of a layer which contains both external and internal Node.js extensions. Ineffective with `--extension-layers-mode=dual`
- `TEST_EXTERNAL_LAYER_FILENAME` - Path to `.zip` file of a layer which contains external (runtime agnostic) extension. Effective only with `--extension-layers-mode=dual`
- `TEST_INTERNAL_LAYER_FILENAME` - Path to `.zip` file of a layer which contains just internal Node.js extension. It's effective for `internalOnly` benchmark variant, and in other cases effective only with `--extension-layers-mode=dual`
```
